[OSDOCS-11001]: Moving HCP disconnected docs (#80675)
openshift/openshift-docs: hosted_control_planes/hcp-disconnected/hcp-deploy-dc-bm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="hcp-deploy-dc-bm"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
= Deploying {hcp} on bare metal in a disconnected environment
:context: hcp-deploy-dc-bm

toc::[]

> When you provision hosted control planes on bare metal, you use the Agent platform. The Agent platform and {mce} work together to enable disconnected deployments. The Agent platform uses the central infrastructure management service to add worker nodes to a hosted cluster. For an introduction to the central infrastructure management service, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#enable-cim[Enabling the central infrastructure management service].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you provision {hcp} on bare metal, you use the Agent platform. The Agent platform and the {mce} work together to enable disconnected deployments. The Agent platform uses the central infrastructure management service to add worker nodes to a hosted cluster. For an introduction to the central infrastructure management service, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#enable-cim[Enabling the central infrastructure management service].
```

include::modules/hcp-dc-bm-arch.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-bm-reqs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-extract.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-hypervisor.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-bm-dns.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-registry.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-mgmt-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-web-server.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-image-mirror.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-apply-objects.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc#installing-mirroring-disconnected[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation using the oc-mirror plugin]

[id="hcp-dc-mce-bm"]
== Deploying {mce-short} for a disconnected installation of {hcp}

> The {mce} plays a crucial role in deploying clusters across providers. If you do not have {mce-short} installed, review the following documentation to understand the prerequisites and steps to install it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {mce} plays a crucial role in deploying clusters across providers. If you do not have the {mce-short} installed, review the following documentation to understand the prerequisites and steps to install it:
```

* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-intro[About cluster lifecycle with multicluster engine operator]

> * link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-install-intro[Installing and upgrading multicluster engine operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-install-intro[Installing and upgrading {mce-short}]
```
